1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

The first question this study makes me think about is were there any age limits, and what areas of each state did they conduct the survey.

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

You can type in the search bar this Website: https://trends.google.com to find Google Trends search data.

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

The Highest peak of milkshake sold were 100 on Feb 28th, 2025.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

The Lowest dip of milkshakes sales is NOv 30th, 2024 with 65 sales

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?

The highest peak for hamburger is 100 while the lowest dip is at 72

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

The line for Milkshake drops far below the grid compare to before. The highs are now at 35 when it was at a higher rate before.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

Google Trends run on a relative scale where 100 represents it's peak popularity while 50 is half of it's peak.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?

From April to September the lines reflect each other. 

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

It seems like the winter has the peaks for both milkshake and breakup.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?

Using Google Trends is best used for generalization of said data. 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

Alabama has the highest interest in Milkshake.

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

Montana has the highest interest for hamburgers.
