1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

This site is a Government open data page where you are able to search up a certain topic and see the data collected on the internet.

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

After going to the Most Viewed Datasets, I can see that there are 402,375 datasets found.  

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?

The datasets presented all pertain to human health to some degree. Whether that's food, air quality, or temperature.

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

To navigate to more datasets from the USDA, I clicked on the photo above the title of department. 

5. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

When I searched for California, two organizations came up. One is named OpenTopography and the other is named State of California.

6. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?

When I searched the USDA for nutrition, the site brings me a list of datasets pertaining to nutrition only.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?

When I search for apples the site gave me data with info about different kinds of apples with surveys people took.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?

When going to Foundation Foods the page has
over millions of datasets in both zipped and unzipped. The data types that are provided are .csv and .JSON. The page contains most of the info about the data but if you want more there is a FAQ page at the bottom you can click to find more information. 