1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?

We all have very similar ways of being prepared whether that's having our laptops charged or reading the overview prior.

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?

I find the visualizations more helpful because I can actually see the results.

3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those
responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?

If you want to find out what "Other" refers to you have to click on more details to see the full answer. When collecting data this could slow the process down.

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?

The site shows the most recent responses and a collection of words that were mostly used throughout the responses. This can make collecting data for written responses harder to understand.

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or
question or the response options in a future survey?
Next respond to the below questions:

What is something about the class you are curious about or find hard understanding?

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?

I was not expecting my peers to have the same preparedness plan as me.

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?

I would add logging in 10-15 mins before class starts to make sure I don't have any tech issues.


8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help
in how you approach teaching this class?

From looking at the responses from the survey, as an instructor, I would think that my class is ready to get into the material.

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.)

I would say yes because being anonymous would provoke a more truthful response from students. The students wouldn't have to feel outed with their responses and be more honest on what they feel about said topic.
